Objective: Ensure that the pricing display page, checkout page, and thank-you page render correctly on both desktop and mobile devices, adjusting for screen sizes dynamically and providing a seamless user experience. This will be tested and debugged to prevent issues that may arise on various screen sizes.

Steps for Debugging and Testing:

Initial Setup:

Ensure the form data submission functionality works correctly (customer name, email, pickup/dropoff details, etc.).

After the user submits their information, the following screens must render:

Pricing display page with transport type options (Standard vs. Express).

Checkout page where the user can review their details and confirm.

Thank-you page with confirmation.

Responsive Design Testing:

Mobile View:

Test on multiple devices (smartphones with iOS and Android, or use Chrome DevTools to simulate devices).

Ensure that all elements on the page scale appropriately (buttons, form fields, text, images).

The pricing cards must remain within viewable screen size without horizontal scrolling or overflow.

Ensure that the toggle buttons (for selecting Open/Enclosed transport) are clear and function as expected. They should not get cut off on smaller screens.

Check that form elements (text fields, buttons, etc.) remain readable and easily tappable on smaller screens.

Desktop View:

Test on various screen resolutions (including full-screen, medium-sized monitors, and very large screens).

Ensure that the layout adapts and maintains a balanced structure without stretching, collapsing, or misaligning elements.

Ensure that text, buttons, and forms are appropriately sized for desktop users.

Ensure Scalable Layouts:

Grid Layout:

Use CSS Grid or Flexbox to ensure that the page content is flexible and adjusts properly across various screen widths.

Ensure that form input fields and other important content align vertically and horizontally depending on screen size.

Make sure cards with toggle options remain in view, stacked vertically or side-by-side, depending on screen size.

CSS Media Queries:

Implement responsive design using media queries for screen sizes from small to large. This should:

Adjust the layout based on screen size (e.g., 600px for mobile, 1024px for tablets, etc.).

Ensure no part of the form (including buttons, images, and text) becomes too large or too small.

Example:

css
Copy
@media (max-width: 600px) {
  .card {
    width: 100%; /* Stack cards on smaller screens */
  }
  .price {
    font-size: 1.5rem; /* Make text smaller for mobile view */
  }
}
Test for User Interactions:

Buttons & Toggles:

Ensure that the price toggle button for Open vs. Enclosed transport functions properly across devices. The button should be clickable, intuitive, and easily visible.

Test clicking/tapping behavior for both price buttons and submit buttons.

Mobile and Desktop Testing with Real Devices:

Test the page on actual mobile and desktop devices to ensure consistent functionality.

If testing on a desktop browser, use the browser's developer tools to simulate mobile views (e.g., Chrome DevTools, Firefox DevTools).

Test in both portrait and landscape modes on mobile devices to ensure the layout works properly across both orientations.

Addressing Layout Breaks:

Ensure there are no layout breaks such as elements overflowing or overlapping on smaller screens (common in fixed-width designs).

Implement auto-scaling of images and scalable text (via responsive font sizes).

Ensure buttons and input fields are not misaligned or cut off.

Error Handling & Feedback Messages:

Ensure that error messages, confirmation messages, and form validation are displayed correctly, even on mobile devices.

Confirm that there are no overlapping messages and that all alerts are easy to read.

Cross-Browser Compatibility:

Test the form in different browsers (Chrome, Safari, Firefox, Edge) to ensure compatibility across platforms.

Make sure the CSS and JS work as expected, regardless of the browser.

Performance Testing:

Check that the form and pricing display load within 2-3 seconds for both mobile and desktop.

Optimize images and resources to ensure fast loading times (for both mobile and desktop versions).

Systematic Debugging Checklist:

Test the form on both mobile and desktop browsers.

Validate that the toggle buttons and prices work seamlessly.

Ensure the layout scales correctly with different screen sizes using CSS Grid or Flexbox.

Use media queries to adjust fonts, images, and layout for mobile screens.

Test user interactions (click/tap on buttons) across devices.

Run tests on both portrait and landscape modes for mobile devices.

Address any overflow issues, ensuring elements remain visible and functional.

Use real devices to verify responsiveness.